When I found my love for web development I searched for bootcamps to take however I only saw ones that required 40+ hours a week for months, and while I had the money to pay for the program I didn't have the money to not work for that time. That is what I like about Nucamp, they offer an alternative for people who can't not work for months at a time. As someone who has been in the same boat as the students I would love to help them learn as much as they can while still be able to bring in an income.

In addition I have found that taking free or even paid online courses are good for just copying the code that the instructor does, but they don't teach the student how or why they are doing what they are doing, just how it is done, nor can the student ask them questions. This is the same reason I elected to go to a local community college instead of learning online, I needed someone to teach and work with me to build what I wanted to build. And now I want to be on the other side helping others achieve the learning I have, plus I found that the best way to really learn something you know is to try and teach it to others.


I have worked on projects with others both in school or with independent projects. We would each build certain parts of the project then get together and discuss/explain each part that we did. We did this because explaining what one did to others helped solidified the knowledge it took to make it, helped the other people learn something that they might have not known before, and opened a discussion of better/alternate ways to do things. 

In addition to the work I have done with other coders just two days ago I helped my friend, who has never seen code before in his life, update his website by himself. I built a landing page for his comedy show business and showed him how to make updates without having to ask me to do it, including text, pictures, videos, and how to send those updates to the server.

While this doesn't have to do with teaching others coding I am responsible for training new hires at my positions as a field technician and a restaurant employee.


For most of life I loved games that required problem solving and strategy, obsessively spending my free time engaged in them until I discovered web development. With web development I could engage that same part of my brain that loves problem solving, but actually make a career out of it. And when you do something you love "you never have to work a day in your life". After doing a Database program at the local community college I found that the web dev classes I took were far more interesting and since I have finished the program I spent my free time building sites and apps for people and companies, while still working full time. I have helped the local Pokemon Go community set up and run PvP tournaments, and using my skills to help build the community website. I am excited about being an instructor with Nucamp because I love to help people "get it" as in having an epiphany about what is being taught. Also since I am now obsessed with web development I just want to be around others who are excited and talk about it and learn as well.